Update repo/docs branding in line with new website (#4373)
microsoft/CCF: README.md

# The Confidential Consortium Framework [![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-Up%20to%20date-green)](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF)

<img alt="ccf" align="right" src="doc/_static/ccf.png" width="200">

- Continuous Build: [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/MSRC-CCF/CCF/_apis/build/status/CCF%20Github%20CI?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/MSRC-CCF/CCF/_build/latest?definitionId=3&branchName=main)
- Daily Build: [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/MSRC-CCF/CCF/_apis/build/status/CCF%20GitHub%20Daily?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/MSRC-CCF/CCF/_build/latest?definitionId=7&branchName=main)
- Doc Build: [![docs](https://dev.azure.com/MSRC-CCF/CCF/_apis/build/status/CCF%20GitHub%20Pages?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/MSRC-CCF/CCF/_build/latest?definitionId=4&branchName=main)
- Containers: [![Build and Publish Release Containers](https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/actions/workflows/containers.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/actions/workflows/containers.yml)

> The [Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF)](https://ccf.microsoft.com/) is an open-source framework for building a new category of secure, highly available,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF)](https://ccf.dev/) is an open-source framework for building a new category of secure, highly available,
```
